all right here we go so here's our
Galaxy Note 8.0 here's our five pin to
11th in adapter and we're going to be
plugging this in to the tablet so that
is in we're going to turn on the TV
and we're going to plug this in and
voila we now have a signal on the screen
so we could files
TV series Breaking Bad pick any random
season or zoom and there we go so so
short around here as well
functions working good
look pretty good
try snows here that we keep of Thrones
yep that's working good go home now we
got games now I have a controller which
is right here we're going to take a look
at that later I'm going to open this up
and get it connected to the tablet so
that way we can try that out
so without becoming very shortened let's
try Angry Birds
yep
now I have the sound shut up on this I'm
pretty sure I can just need it go back
here say it looks on TV
looks pretty good
the password of it problem